## WHY

This repo will contain **self-study notes** on web frameworks, programming languages and other learning notes for personal development like unreal engine, os and algorithms. I need a centralized space to organize these notes so that these notes and hints can be reviewed later. In the past few years, I've learned many different skills but many of them had been forgotten because they are not used frequently or they are not reviewed properly. This repo aims to address the problem that the study notes are lost or just could not be found. What I want is **what I've learned is what I eventually get**. As a developer, it is struggling to keep reviewing what I've learned before, and it is frustrating to realize what had been learned before is now becoming obsolete in the brain.

Another reason is by writing and organizing these notes, I hope it can help the English writting skills. If I learned something, then I need to transform the learned idea or concept into well-expressed language. This is like speaking out what I've learned. **I hope this process will help me form a better sense of English writting and expression**.

Each folder will represent a general tech skills or a general topic. For example, AWS folder will include my notes taken when studying AWS(I may also update the notes later so I won't promise all notes are up-to-date), like how to use ECS, EKS, SQS, and Fargate etc. Also I'll try my best to include coding snippets to illustrate ideas in each of the markdown file. Also, I'll provide **code files of different programming languages for some topics like Redis, Kafka, data structures, algorithms and some coding challenge problems**. 
